>> Kent C. Dodds: Great,
let's move on to the next exercise then.
So, here we go on the app first and
compound components.
So here, it's not a whole lot different
except you have this text up here
that says the button is on,
the button is off.
On the exercise we don't have that,
it's not working.
So, let's go head and
pop open 02 in the exercise.
So if we look at the usage down here at
the bottom, you'll find, and actually,
sorry, real quick,
somebody asked me what is this
.title property I'm putting on the usage
that's actually just for this.
So it's nothing weird magic,
it's just implementation detail.
So the API to the usage
function didn't change.
And we're still accepting onToggling
defaulting it to console line.
So if you pop open in your console,
you should see those logs, so
our toggle the API,
the prox API has not changed.
It should still accept an onToggle prompt.
But now we have these static components,
these are called compound components.
Actually, let me get
into the why behind this.
The why behind, actually I don’t have
a why for that, so I’ll just explain it.
So inside of our render component
we’re saying hey listen
I’m a toggle component and
this is what I render.
That’s all,
that’s all you get for using me.
But what if I come in and say, hey listen,
it would be really cool if I could have
a message that appears above the toggle
component inside of that same thing
that says whether or not it´s on or off.
Maybe you´re doing this for
accessibility reasons or something.
And so
inside of our render method we could say,
if this .props.renderMessage, then we'll
add a like render a message here as well.
And we can even have like what
that message is and so on.
What that leads to is a more complicated
API and a more complicated implementation.
And so instead what we could do is we'd
say yes if you want to render anything
within this toggle component, then we'll
provide these additional components
that share implicit state with the parent.
So if you think about this like
a select shares implicit state
with the option that is
a compound component,
where the select is the thing
that holds this state.
And then these options communicate with
the parent to create by themselves
they're useless but
together they're very useful.
That's the idea behind
these compound components.
And so here, we say, hey, if the toggle
button is on, then I wanna render this.
If it's off, then I wanna render this.
And the cool thing about
using compound components is,
I actually have control over what
order these things are rendering in.
And so maybe I should do this in
the final version so you can see.
No peeking.
So if I put this down below.
And now I toggled this on and
it jumps back and forth.
And you'd never wanna actually do that.
It's like users are like what?
I feel like medium does that
when I go to reply to somebody's
thing like it pops up all their stuff and
it's super annoying.
And I click on their article by accident.
I'm pretty sure they do that on purpose.
So some of the benefits
of compound components
here is the ability to choose what
order things are rendered in.
Also to be able to share some inputs it
state between the parent and the children.
So I don't have to know that the toggle
component is managing an on state.
I just use these things, and they're
responsible for rendering certain things.
So the Toggle.On is responsible for
rendering its children
when the on state is true.
The Toggle.Off is the same in reverse and
then the toggle button
will render the switch.
So, yes, to accomplish this,
you're going to be,
first off these are working
based on static properties,
so they're static properties
of the toggle component.
And they themselves are components.
You can just do this
with the arrow functions.
The really tricky part is providing
the necessary props to these
components that you'll have to do.
And that you'll be using
a React.Children.map to take
this.props.children map it
to different components, and
you'll clone those elements.
So when I create one of these,
when I do this,
this is transpiling into
react.createElement.
So this is actually giving me an element.
And so this.props.children
inside of my render method
here is an array of elements.
And so I'm using React Children
map to map over those elements and
then from that map function, I return
a call to react that clone element.
And that process,
I can provide additional props which
is exactly what you're gonna be doing.
I've provided the documentation if
you're not familiar with these methods,
you can go look that up.
And with that let's go ahead and
go to our tests,
open up 02, and swap out the final
usage for the exercise usage.
And you'll start getting your errors.